RoadClasses restrictions violation. (#627)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the `RouteOptions.maximumHeight` and `RouteOptions.maximumWidth` properties for ensuring that the resulting routes can accommodate a vehicle of a certain size. ([#623](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/623))
* The `DirectionsPriority` struct now conforms to the `Codable` protocol. ([#623](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/623))
* Fixed an issue where the `RouteOptions.alleyPriority`, `RouteOptions.walkwayPriority`, and `RouteOptions.speed` properties were excluded from the encoded representation of a `RouteOptions` object. ([#623](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/623))

> * Added the `RouteResponse.roadClassViolations` property, which indicates any requested `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAvoid` values that could not be satisfied when calculating the routes. ([#627](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/627))

Reviewer: I guess we should mention convenience methods in the changelog too.

> * Added `RouteResponse.ignoredRoadClassesAvoidance` to verify if some of the specified `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAvoid` restrictions were violated during route calculation. Added `RouteRoadClassesViolations` and `RoadClassExclusionViolation` types to identify such points and provide quick lookup. ([#627](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/627))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the `RouteResponse.roadClassViolations` property, which indicates any requested `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAvoid` values that could not be satisfied when calculating the routes. ([#627](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/627))
```
